ROSTAPACK: RObust STAbility PACKage
Version 2.2
Licensed under the AGPLv3, Copyright (C) 2014-2019 Tim Mitchell

ROSTAPACK (pronounced rost-a-pack, with rost rhyming with cost, frost, lost)
is a library implemented in MATLAB for computing or approximating robust
stability measures of linear dynamical systems with input and output.
These measures include:

-  the H-infinity norm (or L-infinity norm)
-  the complex stability radius
-  the real stability radius
-  the spectral value set abscissa and radius
-  the pseudospectral abscissa and radius.

Version 2.2 includes both exact and approximation methods for the spectral
value set (or pseudospectral) abscissa and radius measures.  It also includes
scalable routines for approximating the H-infinity norm, complex stability
radius and real stability radius.  Corresponding fast exact methods for
computing the H-infinity norm or complex stability radius are planned for
the v3.0 release.

For the large-scale routines, where it would be prohibitively expensive to use
exact methods, it is assumed that fast matrix-vector products can be done
with the system matrix A (and to a much lesser degree, matrices B, C, and D).

For the exact methods, support for structure-preserving eigensolvers from SLICOT
is planned for a future release.


ROSTAPACK is AGPL licensed.  See the LICENSE_INFO folder for more
information.


INSTALLATION:
1) Add ROSTAPACK_DIR/main and/or ROSTAPACK_DIR/large-scale subfolders as desired
   to the MATLAB search path.  If you frequently use ROSTAPACK, you may wish to
   add these to your startup.m file.

2) When using the large-scale routines, i.e. getStabRadBound and
   specValSetBound, it is recommended to also download and install the latest
   version of eigsPlus from:
   http://www.timmitchell.com/software/eigsPlus

   However, the ROSTAPACK large-scale routines can also be used without
   installing eigsPlus by setting
   >> opts.eig_solver_opts.use_default_eigs = true;

   Note: eigsPlus requires that the md5 and patch commands be available
   on the system path and callable from within MATLAB.  On Windows, one will
   likely need to install these commands and do some setup work.

DOCUMENTATION AND CITING:

An overview of ROSTAPACK is given in USAGE_AND_CITING.pdf.  This PDF not
only gives a high level overview of each ROSTAPACK routine but also provides
instructions on how to cite ROSTAPACK and its methods.  Correspondingly,
this PDF provides detailed citation information for the relevant papers
describing all the underlying algorithms implemented in ROSTAPACK.

Documentation for each routine is accessed with MATLAB via:
>> help ROUTINE_NAME

Additional documentation and the most recent ROSTAPACK release can be found at:

http://www.timmitchell.com/software/ROSTAPACK/
